Having information about what pigments are in an object
can help provide information about when and where that object might have been made.
Materials respond differently to different wavelengths,
if they reflect in the infrared, but absorb in the visible,
those are going to give us information about what that pigment is.
And so I'm gonna use a filter that
blocks visible light and passes infrared radiation.
So we can't see through it because we can't see into the infrared.
We're looking at a reflected infrared image of the pigment charts.
We're going to see some different responses of those pigments.
Let's take a look at some of those blues.
So this is the infrared image, we're going to switch back to the visible
We can see some differences in how
the infrared wavelengths are being absorbed and reflected.
So we see here, Prussian blue is absorbing
that infrared radiation.
This is Prussian blue, too, but we have azarite, which is not absorbing quite as much
Indigo, it's reflecting quite a bit, so we are seeing those differences.
And you can do some processing to really bring out those
differences, and that's creating a combined image
of the visible light and the infrared, and it's a false color infrared image.
And that can give us some information about characterizing
and differentiating those pigments.
I'm Matthew Clark, I'm a conservation scientist at the National Museum of Asian Art.
One of the tools that we use here is a
hyper-spectral imaging camera that's going to split up light
into the different wavelengths and measure that
on the camera sensor.
This particular camera is going to capture a line of light
and it's going to spread that line of light across the chip of the camera.
So we're going to have a spectrum from each section of that line.
The camera then is going to move along the surface, and we'll keep collecting those
lines that then can all be assembled into
a cube of data later that we can examine and interpret,
and use different specialized software to interpret the data.
Right now, we're looking at a scene from the
Japanese hand scrolls about JizÅ Bosatsu
And in this scene, we've identified pigments
that are present based off of the spectra that we see.
And in this interior scene, we can see a
number of ladies in waiting inside on
these tatami mats, which appear as somewhat of green
and we can see a number of areas of red and some other discoloration.
This is a set of spectra.
I'm going to focus on this green spectrum, which is a copper green.
And this purple spectrum that we
can associate as indigo.
So we're going to take these different spectra and
process all the spectra within that data cube
to look for when do we see these features.
So if we were trying to, let's say, look for
this copper green, if we know is
present based on the appearance and based on other techniques where we know that there's copper
present, we can---I have to open up another file to highlight this---
So what we're seeing now is: Everywhere where it is bright,
the whiter it is,
the closer a match it is to that copper green spectrum.
So in these areas where we can see these tatami mats,
we can see a really strong signal from that copper green,
more so than we might expect
based on looking at it visibly.
The other case, the indigo that I mentioned, if I was
glancing at this, I might not say, where is the indigo?
So that, again, is this purple spectrum.
It has this kind of particular inflection point around 700 nanometers.
And if I load that spectrum, where
we see these bright white areas is where
this indigo was present.
So in that case, it's really found
at the bottom of the scroll, giving sort of either a watery or
foggy presence below this interior scene.
And we've actually found that in a lot of different areas of the scroll,
with this indigo. Once we know it's there, you can kind of
just see its presence, but we can also see where it was lost between the fill.
So this is going to be... The contrast is a bit boosted now to look at
one of the things we'd like to do is to confirm these
areas where we think there is indigo,
based off of the statistical analysis.
I want to actually confirm by looking at the spectrum there.
So here, I can pull up the spectrum
and see that kind of distinctive shape of the indigo.
So that lets me know it's there.
And in areas where, by my eye, it looks like a
very similar faint blue in this area of damage.
The software doesn't see the indigo, and I don't see it there in the spectrum either.
So, we're able to pull out some of this information
that we wouldn't otherwise note.
And we can kind of essentially go
and kind of explore around the scene.
Here, we're looking at this deep red color, which is the vermilion,
which is a mercury sulfide, and has a very sharp transition.
It's very distinctive.
The palette of this scroll compared to some of
the other things that we look at is much more limited, and that it's supposed to simply be the style.
Now, you too, can analyze historic artworks from our collection using advanced spectral imaging.